In recent years, technology has played an increasing role in intellectual play. Interactive toys have provided new and innovative ways to engage children in learning and development. Machine learning algorithms and deep learning models like LSTM have made it possible to create intelligent and adaptive toys that can customize the learning experience to suit a child's specific needs and interests. Robotic technology can be found in many areas like stores, hospitals, homes, restaurants and workplaces. In the existing models the kids’ toy have some set of words which are repeated more often or the models have the ability to imitate the kids’ voice. But this intellectual play with kids is a breakthrough where kid as a younger generation get to see future world through simple little toy. Kids’ toy has been given some set of words which are predefined, those words can be used to interact with toy. We are using machine learning which uses LSTM to give some knowledge to the toy to come up with the right answer for a query asked. The toy will understand the input and will come up with right answer. This project build toy to provide kids with hours of   entertainment, and productivity enhancements.  This toy is the perfect nurturer as it can say any number of rhymes and bedtime stories to comfort the child. The ability that makes this toy a real-time natural human friend to a kid well-defined. The toy plays numerous rhymes and stories which can be customized and updated over a period of time to provide new and innovative information for kids. The project is a initiative to bring machine learning into children education and communication developing process.
